oh hi guys today we are going to be
looking at a review of Sims 3 sorry it's
blurry can't see it very good that's
what we're going to review so since
theory is pretty fun game it's all its
original seven $6.99 but I got for free
so we're gonna go to piratey yeah I'm a
Justin Bieber gay guy so tired e7 so
this is my guys my house yeah
so these Clues just you go around you
mix them that you could get do stuff
right now I'm gonna go to town
so actually what I'm gonna do is like
move in yourself a guy who's something L
don't know how did you guys so why don't
you gotta go your case I'm going there
knock be polite unless your spouse you
can barge in don't mind looks like she's
not home
she's at work so we'll be back a couple
minutes okay so she's home now whole
bunch gotta look for her there she is so
she has to be
Aldys to Scouse which means you're
married and what will you do is you just
roll down Oh - whoo you ought to be
romantic right now I can't do is I go to
hot smooch did you that is two pluses be
romantic pick-up line or hot speech
again or tender breeze and she'll do
that talk OD romantic again you can
scroll down there's ooh and then there
you okay
so usually if you want to move in I
moved in but I also have my own see you
go inside this divorce button can't see
it but it's right there they'll be an
action sign it would be if your she's
your boss it'd be like ask for a raise
or something like that and you would
also say move in and divorce if you're
married so that's basically I do that
that's video